Remove mentions of Simple Content Access (#2745)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_enabling-custom-repositories-on-content-hosts.adoc

[id="Enabling_Custom_Repositories_on_Content_Hosts_{context}"]
= Enabling custom repositories on content hosts

> You can enable all custom repositories on content hosts using the {ProjectWebUI}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Custom repositories are disabled by default. If a host has already been registered and you wish to enable all custom repositories for that host, you can do so using the {ProjectWebUI}.
```
